sources: add Kerberos (#10815)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/sources/protocols/kerberos/index.md

-   Sync keytab: the base64-encoded keytab created above.

If you do not wish to use a keytab, you can also configure authentik to authenticate using a password, or an existing credentials cache.

## SPNEGO

You need to create a principal for authentik and a keytab:

```bash
$ kadmin
> add_principal HTTP/authentik.company@REALM.COMPANY
> ktadd -k /tmp/authentik.keytab HTTP/authentik.company@REALM.COMPANY
> exit
$ cat /tmp/authentik.keytab | base64
$ rm /tmp/authentik.keytab
```

In authentik, you need to configure these extra options:

-   SPNEGO keytab: the base64-encoded keytab created above.

If you do not wish to use a keytab, you can also configure authentik to use an existing credentials cache.

You can also override the SPNEGO server name if needed.

You may need to configure your web browser to allow SPNEGO. Check out [our documentation](./browser.md) on how to do so. You can now login to authentik using SPNEGO.

### Custom server name

If your authentik instance is accessed from multiple domains, you may want to force the use of a specific server name. You can do so with this option. It must be in the form of `HTTP@authentik.company`.

> If not specified, this defaults to trying out all entries in the keytab/credentials cache until a valid server name is found.

Author: ```suggestion
If not specified, the server name defaults to trying out all entries in the keytab/credentials cache until a valid server name is found.
```

-   Update internal password on login: when a user logs in to authentik using the Kerberos source as a password backend, their internal authentik password will be updated to match the one from Kerberos.
-   Use password writeback: when a user changes their password in authentik, their Kerberos password will be updated to match the one from authentik. This is only available if synchronization is configured.

## Kerberos source property mappings

See the [overview](../../property-mappings/index.md) for information on how property mappings work.

By default, authentik ships with [pre-configured mappings](#built-in-property-mappings) for the most common Kerberos setups. These mappings can be found on the Kerberos Source Configuration page in the Admin interface.

### Built-in property mappings

Kerberos property mappings are used when you define a Kerberos source. These mappings define which Kerberos property maps to which authentik property. By default, the following mappings are created:

-   authentik default Kerberos User Mapping: Add realm as group
    The realm of the user will be added as a group for that user.
-   authentik default Kerberos User Mapping: Ignore other realms

>     Other realms than the one configured on the source will be ignored, and not be allowed to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Realms other than the one configured on the source are ignored, and log in is not allowed.
```

-   authentik default Kerberos User Mapping: Ignore system principals
    System principals such as `K/M` or `kadmin/admin` are ignored.
-   authentik default Kerberos User Mapping: Multipart principals as service accounts

>     Multipart principals (for example: `HTTP/authentik.company`) have their user type set to service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Multipart principals (for example: `HTTP/authentik.company`) have their user type set to `service account`.
```

Reviewer: @rissson, I am not sure if "service account" is the actual value (in which case it should be formatted with tiks), or is it a label in the UI (in which case it should be bolded)?

Author: it's something shown in the UI
```suggestion
    Multipart principals (for example: `HTTP/authentik.company`) have their user type set to **service account**.
```

> These are configured with the most common Kerberos setups.

Reviewer: We need to clarify what we mean by "these".  "These property mappings..." "These values...."?

Author: ```suggestion
These property mappings are configured with the most common Kerberos setups.
```

### Expression data

> The following variables are available to Kerberos source property mappings:

Reviewer: Because of the heading title, I am guessing these variables should be added to a config file... but can we make it more clear where exactly they add this as an expression?

Also, is it plural? I only see the one variable, `principal`.

Author: I just took whatever we have in other sources. In the future, we might add more

Reviewer: OK, then let's make it singular for now.. and we can pluralize it later when we add another variable.
